README.md, before:

zmk-config
==========

My configuration for a custom built based on the Aurora Corne from splitkb.

Uses [ZMK](https://zmk.dev/) with [nice!nano](https://nicekeyboards.com/nice-nano).

## Layouts

1. QWERTY: Base qwerty layout with home row mods.
2. SYMBOL: All symbols, with a focus of recurring symbols used in programmation.
3. CONTROL: Numbers + arrows (vim style).
4. ADJUST: Function + bluetooth + media.
5. SHORCUTS: Numpad + available space for shortcuts/macro.

## Vizualisation

To view all layouts in a graphical way, use [keymap-drawer](https://keymap-drawer.streamlit.app/) (Also available on [GitHub](https://github.com/caksoylar/keymap-drawer)).

## Resources

Inspired by:
- [QWERTY Lafayette 42](https://qwerty-lafayette.org/42)
- [36 keys is enough](https://pcoves.gitlab.io/en/blog/keyboard-36-keys/).
- With layouts from: [5x3_3 Keyboard Layout](https://evantravers.com/articles/2023/05/27/5x3-3-keyboard-layout/#fn1) - [Source](https://github.com/evantravers/zmk-config/blob/master/config/corneish_zen.keymap).
- [Miryoku Reference Manual](https://github.com/manna-harbour/miryoku/tree/master/docs/reference).

Other reading:
- [A split 34 key layout for ipados](https://mattgemmell.scot/a-split-34-key-layout-for-ipados/)

Commit message:

doc: describe layouts, clean resources links, improve description [ci skip]

README.md, after:

zmk-config
==========

My configuration for a custom built split keyboard.
Based on the Aurora Corne from [splitkb](https://splitkb.com).

Uses [ZMK](https://zmk.dev/) with [nice!nano](https://nicekeyboards.com/nice-nano).

## Layouts

1. QWERTY: Base qwerty layout with home row mods.
2. SYMBOL: All symbols and numbers, with a focus of recurring symbols used in programmation.
3. DIACRITICS: Diacritics for French language. 
4. NAVIGATION: Arrows (vim style) and other helpers (Copy/Paste, Insert/Delete, ...). 
5. FUNCTION: Function keys from F1 to F12. 
6. ADJUST: Bluetooth + Volume + Media + available space for shortcuts/macro.

## Vizualisation

To view all layouts in a graphical way, use [keymap-drawer](https://keymap-drawer.streamlit.app/) (Also available on [GitHub](https://github.com/caksoylar/keymap-drawer)).

## Resources

Inspired by:
- [QWERTY Lafayette 42](https://qwerty-lafayette.org/42)
- [36 keys is enough](https://pcoves.gitlab.io/en/blog/keyboard-36-keys/).
- [5x3_3 Keyboard Layout](https://evantravers.com/articles/2023/05/27/5x3-3-keyboard-layout/#fn1) - [Source](https://github.com/evantravers/zmk-config/blob/master/config/corneish_zen.keymap).
- [Miryoku Reference Manual](https://github.com/manna-harbour/miryoku/tree/master/docs/reference).
- ([A split 34 key layout for ipados](https://mattgemmell.scot/a-split-34-key-layout-for-ipados/))
